Docs: Add release notes for 2.7.4 (#8629)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/release-notes/v2-7.md

## Bug fixes

### 2.7.4 (2023-02-24)

* Fixed different streams for `cri` tags ending on the same stream

> * Fixed the `userdata` field (from Windows Event Log) being scrapped wrongly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the `userdata` field (from Windows Event Log) being scraped incorrectly
```

* Fixed `vector()` function producing wrong timestamp
* Fixed behavior for overlapping chunks with multiple stores
* Fixed logs results caching causing query-frontend to return logs outside of query window
* Fixed panics when:
  * `/scheduler/ring` endpoint is requested with scheduler ring disabled

>   * LogQL clones a especific query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * LogQL clones a specific query
```
